Add example of a script to add a key to existing account (#1403)
onflow/cadence: docs/language/accounts.mdx

}
```

> To add a public key to the current auth account:

Reviewer: Maybe clarify what "current" means, e.g.:

```suggestion
To add a public key to an existing account, which signed the transaction:
```

Author: Love it, thanks!
